Add CONTRIBUTING.md to sig scheduling (#7292)
kubernetes/community: sig-scheduling/CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to SIG Scheduling

Welcome to contributing to SIG Scheduling. We are excited about the prospect of you
joining our [community](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling)!

SIG Scheduling is responsible for the components that make Pod placement decisions.
You can read the SIG mission outlined in the [charter](https://git.k8s.io/community/sig-cluster-lifecycle/charter.md).

> We have multi areas you can contribute to, PRs, issues, documentations, new ideas,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are multiple ways you can participate, including PRs, issues, documentation, new proposals,
```

> helping to answer end-user's questions, attending meetings, all kinds of contributions are welcomed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helping to answer end-user's questions, attending meetings. All kinds of contributions are welcomed.
```

## Before you begin

We strongly recommend you to check out the [Kubernetes Contributor Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/guide)
and [Contributor Cheat Sheet](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/guide/contributor-cheatsheet).

## Getting Started

* If you're a newcomer and have no idea where to start, we have a non-stale pool of issues that are
available for you:
  * [first-good-issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22+label%3Asig%2Fscheduling+)
  * [help wanted](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22help+wanted%22+label%3Asig%2Fscheduling+)

> * If you want to understand the architectural details of scheduler, you can refer to the [design docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you want to understand the architectural details of kube-scheduler, you can refer to the [design docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling)
```

> * If you want to understand the architectural details of scheduler, you can refer to the [design docs](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/devel/sig-scheduling)

Reviewer 2: Actually, there are pretty old docs only.
Instead of (or in addition to) them, I'd prefer to have a link for some official doc explaining the scheduler like:
https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/scheduling-eviction/scheduling-framework/

Author: > Actually, there are pretty old docs only.

We should update them.

I will mention the scheduling-eviction as well. Thanks.

  or [KEPs](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-scheduling).

> * If you have any questions, you can find us in the [slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T09NY5SBT/C09TP78DV).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you have any questions, you can find us in [#sig-scheduling channel](https://app.slack.com/client/T09NY5SBT/C09TP78DV) in the Kubernetes slack.
```

* If you find a bug, please open an issue under kubernetes/kubernetes with labels `/sig scheduling` and `/kind bug`,
also follow the requirements of `Bug Report`, it will help us a lot when analyzing the errors.

* If you have a feature request:
  * Open an issue under kubernetes/kubernetes with labels `/sig scheduling` and `/kind feature`, please focus on
  the user stories
  * If there's any debate on the rationalities, you can bring it to the [SIG meeting](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling#meetings).

>   * If there're multiple implementation options, consider to create a doc with Pros and Cons, and gather some feedbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * If there're multiple implementation options, consider to create a doc with Pros and Cons, and gather some feedback.
```

>   * If necessary, open an issue in kubernetes/enhancements and write a KEP for it.

Reviewer: link to kep guidance.

> * If you find any out-of-date documentations, please help us to revise that, the readers come latter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you find any out-of-date documentation, please help us to revise that. Future readers
```

Maybe we can explain to open issues in k/website for end-user documentation and in this k/community for developer docs

Author: Make sense, that will be really friendly to readers.

will be grateful for your kindness.

> * We also maintain a list of [sub projects](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling#subprojects) here,
> if you're interest, you can contribute to them at your wish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We also maintain a list of [sub projects](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling#subprojects).
If you're interested, you can contribute to them as well.
```

## Best Practices

> From years contributions to the Kubernetes, we summarized several practices here:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From years of contributions to the Kubernetes projects, we have summarized the following practices:
```

> * In general, PR should be reviewed by the Reviewers firstly, once it got a `/lgtm`,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In general, PR should be reviewed by the Reviewers first.
  Once the PR gets an `/lgtm` from the reviewers
```

> * In general, PR should be reviewed by the Reviewers firstly, once it got a `/lgtm`,
>   approvers will get onboard. This helps to reduce the burden on the Approvers.

Reviewer 2: nit

```suggestion
* In general, PR should be reviewed by the [reviewers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#reviewer) firstly, once it got a `/lgtm`,
  [approvers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#approver) will get onboard. This helps to reduce the burden on the Approvers.
```

* Leave the Reviewers assigned by the bot automatically if possible, unless there is a need
for one specific contributor's expertise.

* Critical bug fixes can be assigned to approvers directly.

> * Always add a new commit to address review comments, instead of amending, this helps to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Always add a new commit to address review comments, instead of amending. This helps to
```

> review the new changes unless you're asked by the Reviewer or it's ready to merge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
review the new changes. You might be asked by the Reviewer to squash at certain point.
```

* Squash the commits when PR is ready to merge, this does a great favor for the git history.

> * Code contributions should be relatively small, simple, well documented and well tested.

Reviewer: Try to split your changes in incremental PRs when the feature is big

* Whatever discussed offline or at the community meeting should be recorded back
to the issue/PR, which helps to preserve the context.

* Always open an issue for a TODO or a follow-up just in case you forget it.

## Use of @mentions

* @kubernetes/sig-scheduling-api-reviews - API Changes and Reviews
* @kubernetes/sig-scheduling-bugs - Bug Triage and Troubleshooting
* @kubernetes/sig-scheduling-feature-requests - Feature Requests

> * @kubernetes/sig-scheduling-misc - General Discussion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* @kubernetes/sig-scheduling-misc - General Discussion from Approvers and Reviewers
```

* If you have a feature request:
  * Open an issue under kubernetes/kubernetes with labels `/sig scheduling` and `/kind feature`, please focus on
  the user stories
  * If there's any debate on the rationalities, you can bring it to the [SIG meeting](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling#meetings).
  * If there're multiple implementation options, consider to create a doc with Pros and Cons, and gather some feedback.
  * If necessary, open an issue in kubernetes/enhancements and write a [KEP](https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-scheduling) for it.

* If you find any out-of-date documentation, please help us to revise that. Future readers
will be grateful for your kindness.
  * For website documentation, you can open issues at [kubernetes/website](https://github.com/kubernetes/website).
  * For developer documentation, you can open issues at [kubernetes/community](https://github.com/kubernetes/community).

* We also maintain a list of [sub projects](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-scheduling#subprojects) here.
If you're interested, you can contribute to them as well.

## Best Practices

> From years of contributions to the Kubernetes, we have summarized the following practices:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The community has been following some practices to help ensure maintainable and quality code:
```

> * In general, PR should be reviewed by the [Reviewers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#reviewer) first. Once the PR gets a `/lgtm` from Reviewers,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* It is best if a PR is first reviewed by [Reviewers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#reviewer) first. Once the PR gets a `/lgtm` from a Reviewer,
```

>   [Approvers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#approver) will get onboard. This helps to reduce the burden on the Approvers.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  [Approvers](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/community-membership.md#approver) review the PR to approve it.
```

* Leave the Reviewers assigned by the bot automatically if possible, unless there is a need

> for one specific contributor's expertise.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for a specific contributor's expertise.
```

* Critical bug fixes can be assigned to approvers directly.

> * Always add a new commit to address review comments, instead of amending. This helps to

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Always add a new commit to address review comments instead of amending. This helps to
```

review the new changes. You might be asked by the Reviewer to squash at a certain point.

> * Squash the commits when PR is ready to merge, this does a great favor for the git history.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Squash the commits when the PR is ready to merge, this does a great favor for the git history.
```
